fix(docs): update invalid hash links in PR and moderator handbooks (#1366)
freeCodeCamp/contribute: src/content/docs/how-to-open-a-pull-request.mdx

And as always, feel free to ask questions on the ['Contributors' category on our forum](https://forum.freecodecamp.org/c/contributors) or [the contributors chat room](https://discord.gg/PRyKn3Vbay).

:::tip

> If you are to be contributing more pull requests, we recommend you read the [making changes and syncing](/how-to-setup-freecodecamp-locally/#set-up-syncing-from-parent) guidelines to avoid having to delete your fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are to be contributing more pull requests, we recommend you read the [making changes and syncing](/how-to-contribute-to-the-codebase/#contributing-to-the-codebase) guidelines to avoid having to delete your fork.
```
